OSDOCS-14692 created the available features assembly (#93515)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/zero-trust-manager-about-features.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/zero_trust_workload_identity_manager/zer-trust-manager-features.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="ztwim_features_{context}"]
= {zero-trust-full} features

[id="spire-agent-telemetry_{context}"]
== SPIRE server and agent telemetry

> SPIRE server and agent telemetry provide insight into the health of the SPIRE deployment. The metrics are in the format provided by the Prometheus Operator. The following are some of the metrics that can be displayed by the SPIRE server:
> 
> * monitoring
> 
> * debugging
> 
> * performance analysis
> 
> * alerting
> 
> The SPIRE agent telemetry refers to the metrics and logs provided by the SPIRE agent. The following are some of the metrics available in the SPIRE agent:
> 
> * agent startup time
> 
> * node attestation
> 
> * workload attestation
> 
> * SVID requests and issuance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SPIRE server and agent telemetry provide insight into the health of the SPIRE deployment. The metrics are in the format provided by the Prometheus Operator. The metrics exposed help in understanding server health & lifecycle, spire component performance, attestation and SVID issuance and plugin statistics.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/zero_trust_workload_identity_manager/zer-trust-manager-features.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="zero-trust-manager-about-features_{context}"]
= Available features

> The following features are available as part of the initial release of {zero-trust-full}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following components are available as part of the initial release of {zero-trust-full}.
```

[id="spiffe-csi-driver_{context}"]
== SPIFFE CSI Driver

> The SPIFFE Container Storage Interface (CSI) is a plugin that helps pods securely obtain their {svid-full} by delivering the Workload API socket into the pod. The SPIFFE CSI driver is deployed as a daemonset on the cluster ensuring that a driver instance runs on each node. The driver uses the ephemeral inline volume capability of Kubernetes allowing pods to request volumes directly provided by the SPIFFE CSI driver. This simplifies their use by applications that need temporary storage.

Reviewer: Should the reference be OpenShift instead of Kubernetes?

When the pod starts, the Kubelet calls the SPIFFE CSI driver to provision and mount a volume into the pod's containers. The SPIFFE CSI driver mounts a directory that contains the SPIFFE Workload API into the pod. Applications in the pod then communicate with the Workload API to obtain their SVIDs. The driver guarantees that each SVID is unique.

[id="spire-oidc-federation_{context}"]
== SPIRE OpenID Connect Federation

> SPIRE OpenId Connect Federation (OIDC) capability allows workloads to authenticate to external systems using short-lived OIDC credentials. An OIDC Discovery Provider servers as a trusted source for OIDC documents, enabling other OIDC providers to validate tokens issued by SPIRE. These documents contain all the essential URLs, supported features, and configuration details allowing the client applications to be dynamically configured to work with other OIDC Providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SPIRE OIDC Discovery Provider is a standalone component that makes SPIRE-issued JWT-SVIDs compatible with standard OpenID Connect (OIDC) consumers by exposing a .well-known/openid-configuration endpoint and a JWKS URI for token verification. It is essential for integrating SPIRE-based workload identity with systems that require OIDC-compliant tokens, especially, external APIs. While SPIRE primarily issues identities for workloads, additional workload-related claims can be embedded into JWT-SVIDs through SPIRE's configuration, allowing these claims to be included in the token and verified by OIDC-compliant clients.
```

> [id="spire-agent-telemetry_{context}"]

Reviewer 2: Are we planning to add a separate section for server and agents as well??

Author: @anirudhAgniRedhat Not for this release. This was just a high-level few of some of the features available for this release. We can add to it next release
